Hi Feeco,
Please see the code review text below, as well as the attachment, as discussed with Kenneth, let us know should you have any questions.

Please create the below application in PHP+MySQL+jQuery.

You need to create a 1 page for Point of Sale application.
(Please see the attachment for reference)

- Add all fields as demonstrated in the attached screenshot
- For inventory, please create 1 mysql table for inventory which has all the necessary fields. Once you choose Category it will fetch all Part# and Product related to that Category.
- Once you choose a product, it will fetch the price on the basis of Product Pricing. Product Pricing should be either Retail Price or Wholesale Price.
- You can add multiple Inventory items by clicking the "Add" Button.
- When clicking the Add Inventory button, it should create additional rows on the page to select the Inventory
- Everything should happen without reloading the page except for the submit button.
- Once you hit submit it should give an alert such as "Invoice generated".

Code should follow best practices.   

Thanks, Lana



问题:
1.用的什么服务器来运行/php version
2.customer name 是否可以hard coded
3.inventory 是否可以hard coded
4.part number


Hi Lana,

Thanks for sending me code review. The requirements are pretty simple and clear to me. But still have some details to confirm to make sure I'm on the right track.

1.what php server do you prefer while reviewing my code (xampp/wamp/phpstudy/etc) and which version.
2.which php version do you prefer while reviewing my code.
3.customer name was suppose on the different table, can I hard-code it in the select option for demonstration purpose or I have to create a customer table myself.
4.Is my understanding correct about part number like this:
id category partnumber product
1  hardware I (internal)  cpu
2  hardware E (external)  keyboard
3  software S (shopping)  payment
4  software C (crm)       add customers


At last, do you have the deadline for this project? Of course, I will finish it as soon as possible, still asking just in case.

best 
Feeco
